Update Readme.md with Netifaces installation error (#35)
MrAsterisco/homebridge-hisense-tv: README.md

```
*This step is required if you're using [Hoobs](https://hoobs.com). Please note that additional issues may arise when running on Hoobs, as I unfortunately don't have access to one and cannot test on it. I am happy to provide help and support in fixing those issues: just open an issue on this repo and we'll try to figure it out together.*

#### Error when installing Netifaces

> When you tried to install `netifaces`, you might run into the error saying `fatal error: Python.h: No such file or directory`. You can install `Python3-dev` package to fix the issue and upgrade the setuptools to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install `netifaces`, depending on your configuration, you may run into an error saying `fatal error: Python.h: No such file or directory`. The following commands should fix the issue by updating the setup tools to the latest version:
```
